0.23.0 (#919)
MetaMask/snaps-monorepo: packages/rpc-methods/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.23.0]
### Changed
- **BREAKING:** Bump `@metamask/key-tree` to 6.0.0 ([#918](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps-monorepo/pull/918))
  - All hexadecimal values are now prefixed with `0x`

>   - The package no longer requires the use of `Buffer`, because of that some fields have been renamed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The package no longer uses `Buffer`. Because of that some fields have been renamed.
```
